fix args description (#44859)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS/ReleaseNotes/2_4_0.md

  - ***aws-network-firewall-firewall-create*** - that creates an AWS Network Firewall firewall for your VPC.
  - ***aws-network-firewall-firewall-delete*** - that deletes the specified firewall and its status.
  - ***aws-network-firewall-firewall-delete-protection-update*** - that modifies the DeleteProtection flag, which indicates whether it is possible to delete the firewall.
  - ***aws-network-firewall-firewall-description-update*** - that modifies the description for the specified firewall.

> - Updated the *account_id* and *region* command arguments description to clarify that they are required for Cortex XSIAM (version >= 3.0) and Cortex Platform, and optional for Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM (version < 3.0), where they can be retrieved from the integration configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the *account_id* and *region* command argument descriptions to clarify that they are required for  Cortex Platform (which includes Cortex XSIAM version >= 3.0), and optional for Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM version < 3.0, where they can be retrieved from the integration configuration.
```

> - Updated the *account_id* and *region* command argument descriptions to clarify that they are required for  Cortex Platform (which includes Cortex XSIAM version >= 3.0), and optional for Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM version < 3.0, where they can be retrieved from the integration configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the *account_id* and *region* command argument descriptions to clarify that they are required for Cortex Cortex XSIAM version >=3.0 and Cortex Cloud, and optional for Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM version < 3.0, where they can be retrieved from the integration configuration.
```
